_certifications/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.md, before:

---
title: "CognitiveClass Python 101 for Data Science"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates foundational Python programming skills, preparing earners for data science and various programming roles.<br/><img src='/images/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.png'>"
date: 2024-08-12
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.png)

[Certification URL](https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/certificates/9e992d6605644ef78e617e18fd293b0c)

## Certification details

### What you will learn:

-   **Python Fundamentals:** Gain a solid understanding of Python basics, including data types, variables, expressions, string operations, and more.
-   **Python Data Structures:** Learn to work with key data structures like lists, tuples, sets, and dictionaries.
-   **Python Programming Fundamentals:** Master essential programming concepts such as conditions, branching, loops, functions, objects, and classes.
-   **Data Handling in Python:** Develop proficiency in reading and writing files, loading and saving data using Pandas, and working with Pandas DataFrames.
-   **Numpy Arrays and Simple APIs:** Learn to work with Numpy arrays (1D and 2D) and make basic use of APIs.

### Why earn this certification:

-   **Start Your Python Journey:** Begin your programming adventure with a beginner-friendly introduction to Python.
-   **Master Python for Data Science:** Build a strong foundation in Python, essential for pursuing a career in data science.
-   **Hands-on Learning:** Gain practical experience through Jupyter-based labs and learn to write your own Python scripts.
-   **Learn from Scratch:** This course is specifically designed for those with no prior Python experience.
-   **Unlock New Opportunities:** Equip yourself with the in-demand skill of Python programming, opening doors to various career paths.

[Source](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/python-for-data-science)

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.md, after:

---
title: "CognitiveClass Python 101 for Data Science"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates foundational Python programming skills, preparing earners for data science and various programming roles.<br/><img src='/images/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.png'>"
date: 2024-08-12
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/cognitive-class-python101-for-data-science.png)

[Certification URL](https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/certificates/9e992d6605644ef78e617e18fd293b0c)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **Python Programming Unlocked**: Learn the fundamentals of Python programming from scratch, even with no prior experience.
- **Rapid Python Proficiency**:  Go from zero to writing your own Python scripts in a short amount of time.
- **Data Analysis Introduction**: Get started with basic hands-on data analysis using a Jupyter-based lab environment.

### Why earn this certification

- **Launch Your Data Science Journey**: Build a strong foundation in Python, essential for a career in data science.
- **Become a Python Programmer**:  Gain practical skills to write your own Python scripts and solve problems.
- **Unlock Coding Potential**:  Develop valuable programming skills applicable across various domains.

[Source](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/python-for-data-science)
