_certifications/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.md, before:

---
title: "GLA Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates foundational expertise in skillfully directing large language models (LLMs) to achieve desired outcomes.<br/><img src='/images/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.png'>"
date: 2024-07-16
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.mygreatlearning.com/certificate/SDOQYEVO)

## Certification details

### What you will learn:

-   Fundamentals of Generative AI and Large Language Models (LLMs)
-   Essential Prompt Engineering techniques
-   Advanced strategies for optimizing model outputs
-   Diverse applications of Prompt Engineering
-   Understanding and mitigating limitations of generative models

### Why earn this certification:

-   Gain a strong foundation in Generative AI and LLMs
-   Master the art of Prompt Engineering
-   Learn how to enhance model performance
-   Explore various real-world applications
-   Develop strategies to address model limitations

[Source](https://www.mygreatlearning.com/academy/learn-for-free/courses/prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt?utm_source=linkedin&utm_medium=linkedin&utm_campaign=linkedin_certificate_share&utm_source_page=public_certificate_view&referrer_code=GL5YYEWDHLDFI)

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.md, after:

---
title: "GLA Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates foundational expertise in skillfully directing large language models (LLMs) to achieve desired outcomes.<br/><img src='/images/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.png'>"
date: 2024-07-16
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/gla-prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.mygreatlearning.com/certificate/SDOQYEVO)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **Generative AI Fundamentals**: Grasp the core concepts of Generative AI and Large Language Models (LLMs).
- **Prompt Engineering Mastery**: Master the art of crafting effective prompts, understanding their components, and enhancing model outputs.
- **Navigating Model Limitations**: Learn to identify and mitigate the limitations of generative models and avoid common pitfalls.

### Why earn this certification

- **Unlock Generative AI Potential**: Gain a deep understanding of how to effectively utilize and optimize Generative AI tools.
- **Become a Prompt Engineering Expert**: Develop highly sought-after skills in prompt engineering, applicable across diverse domains.
- **Enhanced AI Problem-Solving**: Learn strategies to overcome limitations and achieve optimal results when working with generative models.

[Source](https://www.mygreatlearning.com/academy/learn-for-free/courses/prompt-engineering-for-chatgpt)
