_certifications/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.md, before:

---
title: "Google Develop GenAI APPs with Gemini and Streamlit"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the ability to build generative AI applications using Gemini and Streamlit, demonstrating expertise in text generation, leveraging function calls via the Python SDK and Gemini API, and deploying Streamlit applications to Cloud Run using Docker containers.<br/><img src='/images/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.png'>"
date: 2024-08-21
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/9d960378-917b-428c-a7c4-3f7d07b48509/public_url)

## Certification details

-   Complete the intermediate Develop GenAI Apps with Gemini and Streamlit skill badge to demonstrate skills in the following:

    -   text generation,
    -   applying function calls with the Python SDK and the Gemini API, and
    -   deploying a Streamlit application with Cloud Run.

-   You will explore different ways to prompt Gemini for text generation, use Cloud Shell to test and iterate on a Streamlit application, and then package it as a Docker container deployed in Cloud Run.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/9d960378-917b-428c-a7c4-3f7d07b48509/public_url)

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.md, after:

---
title: "Google Develop GenAI APPs with Gemini and Streamlit"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the ability to build generative AI applications using Gemini and Streamlit, demonstrating expertise in text generation, leveraging function calls via the Python SDK and Gemini API, and deploying Streamlit applications to Cloud Run using Docker containers.<br/><img src='/images/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.png'>"
date: 2024-08-21
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/google-develop-genai-apps-with-gemini-and-streamlit.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/9d960378-917b-428c-a7c4-3f7d07b48509/public_url)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **Gemini API Mastery**: Gain proficiency in using Google Gemini's API for text generation, including advanced techniques like function calls.
- **Streamlit Application Development**: Develop and deploy interactive web applications using the Streamlit framework.
- **Cloud Run Deployment**: Learn to package and deploy your Streamlit application as a Docker container on Google Cloud Run.

### Why earn this certification

- **Advanced GenAI Development**: Develop advanced skills in building and deploying Generative AI applications using Google's Gemini API.
- **Full-Stack GenAI Skills**:  Gain expertise spanning from model interaction to deployment on a cloud platform.
- **Build Production-Ready Apps**: Learn to create and deploy robust, scalable Generative AI applications ready for real-world use.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/9d960378-917b-428c-a7c4-3f7d07b48509/public_url)
