_certifications/ibm-watsonx.ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.md, before:

---
title: "IBM watsonx.ai Generative AI Tools Sales Foundation"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the skills to utilize watsonX.ai for efficient and trustworthy business applications, including model training and building trust with stakeholders.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.png'>"
date: 2024-07-23
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/275d0bcc-bb2e-4323-b4a8-2235032adda6/public_url)

## Certification details

-   The badge earner understands the concepts and advantages of watsonx.ai and its generative AI tools, along with IBM’s generative AI stack.
-   They grasp the significance of the watsonx platform and the many tools available in watsonx.ai to help explore and exploit the capabilities of foundation models to support different use cases.
-   Additionally, they can articulate how watsonx.ai meets enterprise needs related to model training, and building trust and efficiency in business applications.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/275d0bcc-bb2e-4323-b4a8-2235032adda6/public_url)

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/ibm-watsonx.ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.md, after:

---
title: "IBM watsonx.ai Generative AI Tools Sales Foundation"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the skills to utilize watsonX.ai for efficient and trustworthy business applications, including model training and building trust with stakeholders.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.png'>"
date: 2024-07-23
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-generative-ai-tools-sales-foundation.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/275d0bcc-bb2e-4323-b4a8-2235032adda6/public_url)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **watsonx.ai Fundamentals**: Develop a strong understanding of the core concepts, advantages, and capabilities of the IBM watsonx.ai platform and its generative AI tools.
- **Foundation Model Exploitation**: Learn how to leverage foundation models within watsonx.ai to address diverse business use cases effectively.
- **Enterprise AI Deployment**: Understand how watsonx.ai addresses enterprise needs related to model training, trust, and efficiency in business applications.

### Why earn this certification

- **Become a watsonx.ai Proficient**: Demonstrate your expertise in utilizing IBM's watsonx.ai platform for generative AI solutions.
- **Unlock Foundation Model Power**: Learn to harness the power of foundation models to drive innovation and efficiency within your organization.
- **Build Trustworthy AI Solutions**: Develop the skills to build and deploy reliable and trustworthy AI applications that meet enterprise needs.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/275d0bcc-bb2e-4323-b4a8-2235032adda6/public_url)
