_certifications/ibm-ai-fundamentals.md, before:

---
title: "IBM Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the knowledge of artificial intelligence (AI) concepts, such as natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, deep learning, chatbots, and neural networks; AI ethics; and the applications of AI.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-ai-fundamentals.png'>"
date: 2024-03-02
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-ai-fundamentals.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/a449699a-c550-4d16-b7a3-f921a84c3597/public_url)

## Certification details

This credential earner demonstrates knowledge of artificial intelligence (AI) concepts, such as natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, deep learning, chatbots, and neural networks; ethical AI; and the applications of AI. The individual has a conceptual understanding of how to run an AI model using IBM Watson Studio. The earner is aware of the job outlook in fields that use AI and is familiar with the skills required for success in various roles in the domain.

-   Earning criteria:
    -   Complete Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals, a prescribed set of courses, designed by IBM.
    -   Pass the graded quizzes and final assessments and complete the practice simulations.

[Source](https://www.ibm.com/training/badge/artificial-intelligence-fundamentals)

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEyOTgwMjkyMzAsLTE3MjM2OTE4NDQsNT
k4NTEyNTddfQ==
-->

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/ibm-ai-fundamentals.md, after:

---
title: "IBM Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates the knowledge of artificial intelligence (AI) concepts, such as natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, deep learning, chatbots, and neural networks; AI ethics; and the applications of AI.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-ai-fundamentals.png'>"
date: 2024-03-02
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-ai-fundamentals.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/a449699a-c550-4d16-b7a3-f921a84c3597/public_url)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **AI Core Concepts Mastered**: Gain a comprehensive understanding of fundamental AI concepts, including NLP, computer vision, machine learning, and deep learning.
- **IBM Watson Studio Proficiency**: Develop a conceptual understanding of utilizing IBM Watson Studio to run AI models.
- **AI Ethics and Applications Explored**:  Explore the ethical considerations surrounding AI and its diverse applications across various industries.

### Why earn this certification

- **Enhanced Career Prospects**:  Gain a competitive advantage in the rapidly growing AI job market by demonstrating foundational AI knowledge.
- **Future-Proof Your Skills**:  Develop in-demand skills applicable to a variety of AI-related roles and industries.
- **AI Landscape Understanding**: Gain valuable insights into the current job market outlook and required skills for success in the AI domain.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/a449699a-c550-4d16-b7a3-f921a84c3597/public_url)
