_certifications/ibm-watsonx.ai-sales-foundation.md, before:

---
title: "IBM watsonx.ai Sales Foundation"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates a comprehensive grasp of IBM's ethical AI approach and the capabilities of WatsonX.ai for rapid and trustworthy AI application development.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-sales-foundation.png'>"
date: 2024-07-22
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-sales-foundation.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/9cd23844-f6e4-4bb0-946d-37a4bb1b8c77/public_url)

## Certification details

-   The badge earner understands the concepts and advantages of artificial intelligence (AI), along with IBM's AI strategy for addressing ethical and sustainable AI challenges.
-   They grasp the significance of the watsonx AI and data platform and how watsonx.ai builds AI applications quickly with generative AI and machine learning in one studio.
-   Additionally, they can articulate how watsonx.ai meets enterprise needs related to model training, and building trust and efficiency in business applications.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/9cd23844-f6e4-4bb0-946d-37a4bb1b8c77/public_url)

Commit message:

Reformat certification details to make them consistent across the board

_certifications/ibm-watsonx.ai-sales-foundation.md, after:

---
title: "IBM watsonx.ai Sales Foundation"
excerpt: "Earning this certification validates a comprehensive grasp of IBM's ethical AI approach and the capabilities of WatsonX.ai for rapid and trustworthy AI application development.<br/><img src='/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-sales-foundation.png'>"
date: 2024-07-22
collection: certifications
---

![](/images/ibm-watsonx-ai-sales-foundation.png)

[Certification URL](https://www.credly.com/badges/9cd23844-f6e4-4bb0-946d-37a4bb1b8c77/public_url)

## Certification details

### What you will learn

- **AI Fundamentals & IBM's Strategy**: Understand core AI concepts and IBM's approach to ethical and sustainable AI development.
- **watsonx AI Platform Proficiency**:  Gain knowledge of the watsonx AI and data platform, focusing on its capabilities for rapid AI application development.
- **Enterprise AI Deployment**: Learn how watsonx.ai addresses enterprise needs for efficient model training and trustworthy, efficient business applications.

### Why earn this certification

- **Become an IBM watsonx AI Expert:** Demonstrate proficiency in using IBM's leading AI platform for building and deploying AI solutions.
- **Accelerate AI Development:** Learn to rapidly build and deploy AI applications using the integrated capabilities of watsonx.ai.
- **Build Trustworthy Enterprise AI:**  Understand how to address ethical considerations and build reliable AI solutions that meet enterprise needs.

[Source](https://www.credly.com/badges/9cd23844-f6e4-4bb0-946d-37a4bb1b8c77/public_url)
